Do not come tell
that I messed up
I know about your mistakes
your gift of making a mistake
do not want to anticipate the end
let's meet
maybe tomorrow
your fears are no longer mine
do not close your eyes nobody lives for you
win me if you can
do not want to anticipate
the end
let's meet?
maybe tomorrow, maybe tomorrow!
I hid in myself
all the
your fears
so you could
to confront your
you can even try
but you will not forget
Beat me if I can! Beat me if I can! Beat me if I can!
Beat me if I can!
a cycle has begun and I'm your nightmare!
never
get in my way!
I hid in myself
all the
your fears
so you could
to confront your
you can even try
but you will not forget
Look Forward
open the graves
Cowards will fall!
cowards will fall!